僕たちの戦いはここで一旦終わりだ アフリカは 表面上の敵を排除した時点で相当作戦完了 には 地下に潜伏する部隊を多く残し 後々まで ジオンの抵抗 拠点となるのだが それはまた別の話だ 宇宙での戦いも間もなく 決着を迎えるだろう この人類史上最悪の戦争の中で僕が得たのは確かな地震と信頼できる仲間くらいのもの だけどそれで十分 そこから新しい物語は始まるはずだから

Our battle ends here for now. Once we have eliminated the enemy on the surface, we have completed a considerable amount of operations in Africa, leaving many troops hidden underground, which will become Zeon's base of resistance until later, but that is another story in space. The battle will soon come to an end. In this worst war in human history, all I've gained is a reliable earthquake and a reliable companion. But that's enough, and a new story will begin from there.

Our fight is over here, and Africa is pretty much a done deal once we've eliminated the enemy on the surface, which leaves a lot of troops hiding underground, which will be a stronghold of Zion resistance for years to come, but that's another story. The battle in space will soon be over, and all I've gained in the worst war in human history is a solid earthquake and a few trusted friends, but that's enough, because a new story can begin there.


地上でジオン 相当 作戦が展開していた頃 主戦場となっていた宇宙での戦いは最終局面を迎えていた 連邦軍は 宇宙要塞ソロモンの攻略に成功すると そこを 教頭ごと として ジオンの最終防衛ラインである 宇宙要塞と進撃 多大な犠牲を払いつつも この陥落 に成功した宇宙世紀 woht 1月1日 月面都市 ブラナダにおいて 地球連邦政府とジオン共和国との間に終戦協定が結ばれ後に1年戦争と呼ばれるこの長く 熾烈な戦いは幕を閉じた しかしこの和平を不当と見る ジオンの残党は多く これより 長きに渡り 地球圏に本当の意味で 平和が訪れることはない 戦士たちに 束の間の休息 失われた魂に祈りを また再び 戦いの日々が訪れ 鋼鉄の巨人を狩るその時まで

While the Zeon-equivalent operations were unfolding on the ground, the battle in space, which had been the main battlefield, was reaching its final phase. After the Federation Forces succeeded in capturing the space fortress Solomon, they used it as the vice principal and became Zeon's last line of defense. There was an attack on a space fortress, and the fall of the space century was successful despite the great sacrifices woht January 1st In the lunar city of Blanada, an end-of-war treaty was signed between the Earth Federation government and the Republic of Zeon, later known as the One Year's War. This long and fierce battle has come to an end. However, there are many remnants of Zeon who view this peace as unfair. Truly peace will not come to Earth for a long time to come. For the warriors, a temporary respite for the lost souls. Pray for us, until the days of battle come again and we hunt down the steel giant.

While Zeon's equivalent operation was developing on the ground, the main battlefield in space was in its final phase. The Federation forces succeeded in capturing the space fortress Solomon, which was Zeon's final line of defense, and marched against it as a vice-headquarters. The long and fierce war, later known as the One Year War, came to an end with the signing of a peace accord between the Earth Federation Government and the Republic of Zeon in the city of Branada. Pray that the days of war may come again, when we hunt the Steel Giants.